docs: improve service-repository architecture description in readme (#268)
RonasIT/laravel-helpers: readme.md

[Follow the versioning documentation][8] to implement versioning in your Laravel app using this package.

### Service-Repository Architecture

> The package provides base classes for implementing the service-repository pattern in Laravel applications. `EntityService` and `BaseRepository` give you CRUD operations, search/filtering, pagination, and soft delete support out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package provides base classes for implementing the service-repository pattern in Laravel applications. `EntityService` and `BaseRepository` give you base CRUD
operations, ability to build your own search operation with filtering and pagination result.
```
